new

```rust
    pub fn new() -> Self {
        Self {
            inner: HashMap::<SocketAddr, Client>::new(),
            ..Default::default()
        }
    }
```


To translate the provided Rust function into Golang, we'll first need to understand what it does. This function appears to initialize an instance of a struct (not explicitly named here, but let's call it `Server` for illustration purposes) with a default property called `inner`, which is a `HashMap` mapping `SocketAddr` types to `Client` types. The `..Default::default()` part signifies that other fields of the struct should be initialized with their default values.

Given this information, let's define equivalent Golang code. Since Golang doesn't have the concept of constructors in the same way Rust does, we usually define a function (often named `New<TypeName>`) that returns a pointer to a new instance of the desired type. Note that Golang doesn't have built-in generics (as of the last update before my knowledge cutoff in April 2023), but it has maps which serve a similar purpose to HashMap in this context.

First, we need to define our structs (assuming the `SocketAddr` and `Client` types are already defined or imported appropriately).

```go
package server

import (
    "net" // Assuming SocketAddr is a net.Addr in Go context
)

type Server struct {
    inner map[net.Addr]*Client
    // Include other fields here as necessary
}

type Client struct {
    // Define the Client structure
}
```

Next, we implement the `new` function in Golang:

```go
// NewServer creates a new Server instance with default values.
func NewServer() *Server {
    return &Server{
        inner: make(map[net.Addr]*Client),
        // Initialize other fields with their default values if necessary
    }
}
```

In this Golang translation:

1. `map[net.Addr]*Client` is used instead of `HashMap<SocketAddr, Client>`, assuming `SocketAddr` can be represented by `net.Addr` in Go (adjust as necessary for your actual definitions or imports).
2. `make(map[net.Addr]*Client)` initializes the map, similar to `HashMap::new()` in Rust.
3. We return a pointer to the `Server` instance (`*Server`) which is idiomatic in Go for structs that will be modified after creation or for efficiency reasons.

This translation assumes some liberties with type mappings and structure definitions since the original context (e.g., exact structure of 'Client', 'SocketAddr') was not fully provided. Adjustments might be needed to fit your precise use case and definitions in Go.